the first step in installing the be
quiet sr one is going to be the
insertion in the back plate the back
plate is going to obviously go against
back of the motherboard and screws will
go through the proper holes now if you
look at the one-size-fits-all intel and
AMD so you're gonna need to use the
proper holes for the mount you're using
most common Intel are in the corners
three holes 11 1366 11 55 56 and 775 so
you're just going to put the screw
through the correct hole and through the
motherboard obviously all four screws
right on through now something to keep
in mind the kit does come with plastic
washers which are shims or two for
better pressure higher pressure however
it distinctly tells you in the manual do
not use them 1155 56 as it will take the
pressure out of spec for the motherboard
once you've got all four screws through
we can move on to the inside of the case
once we've got the screws through and
through the backplate four tiny rubber
washers will then push on to the screws
which will hold the screws in place and
are also going to act as the springiness
in the mount itself to keep the pressure
even
and after their on backplate is in place
and will stay somewhat secure for you
while you're working with the mounting
system in place next we're gonna map the
color itself I have fixed the mounts on
to the cooling block itself the contact
block four screws obviously different
retention brackets for AMD and two
different for Intel 1155 1156 having
their own 775 1366 sharing a common
bracket now the placement of the cooler
itself is very important you never want
to have the pipes facing down pipes
ideally if you can fit it in your case
you want them facing up and worst case
scenario you can do a side to side mount
in this case it will fit up so we're
going to do it that way obviously what
we're going to do here is four screw
holes for screws we're going to place
screw holes over the screws and tighten
it down from the back of them back at
the motherboard after you've tightened
it down installed in the case the be
quiet shadow rock sr1 top flow has a
great look it comes out a little bit
further than a PCI Express or a PCI card
so very slim but one of the nice things
even though it's top-down very slim
you've got a good amount of room for ram
literally you can get a couple of
fingers back there between that and
standard high trim so you're gonna be
able to use some of the taller heat
sinks with it and obviously all four
slots are open with standard high Ram
you have no problem taking RAM out or
putting it in with the cooler installed
so big wide sr1 top flow good looking
installation not the easiest
installation in the world you do have a
little trouble you know lining it up the
four screws a lot of people have
expressed you know difficulty I've done
it quite a few times so it only takes me
a minute I find if you start one screw
which you can see you'll be able to get
the others in very very quickly as soon
as
have the second one lined up the other
two just fall right into place so it's
really not a painful installation at all
very secure installation and as always
from being quite a really polished
looking cooler
you